README.md, before:

### To Split

- ``C-x 2``
   - Split the selected window into two windows, one above the other (split-window-below).

- ``C-x 3``
  - Split the selected window into two windows, positioned side by side (split-window-right).

- ``C-x 0``
  - Removes current pane

- ``C-x 1``
  - Unsplit all

### Navigate

- ``C-x up``
   - Move Cursor to pane above

- ``C-x down``
   - Move Cursor to pane above

- ``C-x left``
   - Move Cursor to pane above

- ``C-x right``
   - Move Cursor to pane above

- ``C-x o``
   - Cycle cursor to next pane

### Move File (Not Emacs)

- ``C-x-up``
   - Move File to pane above

- ``C-x-down``
   - Move File to pane above

- ``C-x-left``
   - Move File to pane above

- ``C-x-right``
   - Move File to pane above


### Original Packages

- https://github.com/SublimeText/Origami
- https://github.com/grundprinzip/sublemacspro


### Compatibility with SublimeEmacsPro key bindings

If you want to use sublimeEmacsPro key bindings then install using the following

- ``CMD+P -> Add Repository(↓) -> Install !``
- https://github.com/kevincobain2000/sublemacspro

Commit message:

forgot to write about zoom

README.md, after:

### To Split

- ``C-x 2``
   - Split the selected window into two windows, one above the other (split-window-below).

- ``C-x 3``
  - Split the selected window into two windows, positioned side by side (split-window-right).

- ``C-x 0``
  - Removes current pane

- ``C-x 1``
  - Unsplit all

### Navigate

- ``C-x up``
   - Move Cursor to pane above

- ``C-x down``
   - Move Cursor to pane above

- ``C-x left``
   - Move Cursor to pane above

- ``C-x right``
   - Move Cursor to pane above

- ``C-x o``
   - Cycle cursor to next pane

### Move File (Not Emacs)

- ``C-x-up``
   - Move File to pane above

- ``C-x-down``
   - Move File to pane above

- ``C-x-left``
   - Move File to pane above

- ``C-x-right``
   - Move File to pane above

### Zoom (Not Emacs)

- ``CMD+]``
  - Zoom In Pane

- ``CMD+[``
  - Zoom Out

### Original Packages

- https://github.com/SublimeText/Origami
- https://github.com/grundprinzip/sublemacspro


### Compatibility with SublimeEmacsPro key bindings

If you want to use sublimeEmacsPro key bindings then install using the following

- ``CMD+P -> Add Repository(↓) -> Install !``
- https://github.com/kevincobain2000/sublemacspro
